Congratulations on submitting Project Zero.
When I solved that last part of the project myself,
it actually took me several tries to get the car to park,
and the process was largely trial and error.
That's because I was uncertain of what effect a command
like car dot steer would have on vehicle behavior.
This is similar to something known as control noise in self-driving cars.
And it turns out that uncertainty is
an unavoidable part of almost every component in a self-driving car.
And managing this uncertainty is a huge part
of making a self-driving car that actually works.
Now, this word uncertainty,
we mean something very specific when we use it in this Nanodegree.
To make sure we're talking about the same thing,
I'd like you to think about how uncertainty shows up in a self-driving car.